Continuous Integration (CI), refers to how developers merge their changes to a codebase to the “main branch”. How developers can work on different pieces of code of a bigger project and make sure their own changes to the codebase doesn’t break the whole project. To do this several tools are used like lint and testing tools. Lint makes sure the whole codebase follow some common programming rules so that it looks similar across the project making it easier to read the code even though there are several developers involved with their own ways of writing code. To build code you have to use a language like C or Typescript and a compiler to build the code into machine languages or javascript. Languages like Python are interpreted and doesn’t have to build for that reason. For C++/C you can use a GNU compiler and for typescript something like Webpack. Before deploying it is very important to test your code so that all the features built before still work. 

Besides Jenkins and Github Actions for hosting there are some self hosted CI/CD tools like GitLab, TeamCity, GoCD, Spinnaker and CircleCI. And for Cloud based hosting you can use Azure pipelines, Travis CI, CircleCI, GitLab and Buddy. 

Self hosting gives some advantages of greater control to play around on your own hardware. On the other hand Cloud hosting gives you an easy solution that doesn’t require too much knowledge of infrastructure and is way easier to scale. In our hypothetical case of 6 people it would be easier to just use a cloud based service for easier scalability if needed and since we have limited brain recourses due to just being 6 it would be more effective if everyone just worked on the actual project code instead of customizing our infrastructure for our selfhosting.  
